Update documentation. Added tutorial about attach google cloud storage (#3995)
openvinotoolkit/cvat: site/content/en/docs/manual/basics/attach-cloud-storage.md

Now you can attach new cloud storage into CVAT.

> ## Using Google cloud storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Google Cloud Storage
```

you can enable `Enforce public access prevention on this bucket` (if you plan to have anonymous access to your bucket,
it should be disabled) you can select `Uniform` or `Fine-grained` access control, if you need protection of your object data
select protect object data type. When all the information is entered click `Create` to create the bucket.

![](/images/google_cloud_storage_tutorial1.jpg)

### Upload

Prepare the dataset as in the point [prepare dataset](#prepare-dataset).

To upload files, you can simply drag and drop files and folders into a browser window
or use the `upload folder` and/or `upload files`.

### Access permissions

To access Google Cloud Storage from CVAT you will need a `Project ID`
you can find it by going to [cloud resource manager page](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-resource-manager)

![](/images/google_cloud_storage_tutorial5.jpg)

#### Create a service account and key file

To access your bucket you need a key file and a service account. To create a service account,
go to `IAM & Admin`/`Service Accounts` and press `Create Service Account`. Enter your account

> name and click `Create And Continue`. Select a role for example `Basic`/`Viewer`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this role. Why isn't it `Cloud Storage/....` ?

Author: Role from `Cloud Storage`/ `…` not working, and role `Storage Legacy` missing for service account
Working role:
Current `Basic`/`Viewer`
`Dataflow` / `Dataflow Viewer`
`Dateproc` / `Dateproc Viewer`

Next, you can give access rights to the service account, to complete click `Done`.

![](/images/google_cloud_storage_tutorial2.jpg)

The account you created will appear in the service accounts list, open it and go to the `Keys` tab.
To create a key, click `ADD` and select `Create new key`, next you need to choose the key type `JSON` and select `Create`.
The key file will be downloaded automatically.

![](/images/google_cloud_storage_tutorial3.jpg)

[Learn more about creating keys](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started#setting_the_environment_variable).

#### Anonymous access

To configure anonymous access, open your bucket and go to the permissions tab click `ADD` to add new principals.

> In `new principals` field specify `allUsers`, select role for example `Cloud Storage`/`Storage Object Viewer`

Author: only the role `Storage Legacy Bucket Reader` works

          - `Account name` - storage account name.

    </br>

  - [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/docs):

    - [`Bucket name`](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/) - cloud storage bucket name.

    - `Authorization type`:

      - [`Key file`](#create-a-service-account-and-key-file) - you can drag a key file to the area `attach a file`

>         or click on the area to select the key file through the explorer.

Author: how to specify the `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment variable, using UI? Or should the CVAT server be set "GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS" and it will be used automatically if the key file not attached?

>         or click on the area to select the key file through the explorer.

Reviewer: User should specify `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` in the environment where CVAT instance is deployed.

          - `Account name` - storage account name.

    </br>

  - [**Google Cloud**](https://cloud.google.com/docs):

    - [`Bucket name`](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/creating-buckets) - cloud storage bucket name,
      you can find the created bucket on the [storage browser page](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser).

    - `Authorization type`:

      - [`Key file`](#create-a-service-account-and-key-file) - you can drag a key file to the area `attach a file`

>         or click on the area to select the key file through the explorer. If the environment with the CVAT instance
>         deployed is specify `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment variable, then it will be used if you do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        or click on the area to select the key file through the explorer. If the environment variable `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` is specified for an environment with a deployed CVAT instance, then it will be used if you do not
```
